## Scenario

### Problem

Let us imagine a car class. To create a simple car, we need the brand, the model, the color, the number of doors perhaps, the car screen specifications, the weight, and the height of the car. We may also need to generate a unique identifier for this car and many other details... The initialization of the many fields of this object is usually buried inside a monstrous constructor with lots of parameters or, even worse, it could be scattered all over the client code. Sometimes we may not require fill or to pass to this constructor all the fields of our class, like even if the class contains eight fields, we may require this specific object to use only five of them, which makes the constructor calls ugly most of the time we use it.  Another option would be to create several overloaded constructors and each time use the one we need. However, if you do that you may end up with lots and lots of unnecessary constructors in your code.

### Solution

Here is when the builder pattern comes in. This pattern suggests that we extract the object construction or creation code out of its own class and move it to separate objects called builders. So inside this building we will have the same fields we have inside our car class, but each field will have a reservation. However, the method usually written without a is setter prefix, and in addition to these methods, we will have a build method which returns an instance of the object this builder is supposed to create. This build method will make use of a gigantic constructor defined at the level of the car class. However, we can't entirely get rid of it. However however this constructor will not be public or shouldn't at least in my opinion, and we do not have to worry whether we will be passing null values to this constructor or not as the only call or use of this constructor will be placed inside the build method defined in our builder why did I just say that this constructor will not be public though?  Because if the builder is outside the class, we need to instantiate its access should be packaged-private and if the builder is an inner class also referred to as an inner builder, then its access should be private. By doing this, we restrict access to this constructor to any other part of our application. If anyone tries to create an instance of our object, he or she will be forced to instantiate it using the builder class and not the gigantic constructor.  

