## Scenario

### Problem

Almost every smartphone you can think of that already exists on the market or that is still being designed has two main buttons at the very least: the home button and the power button. Now, the actions exhibited by these two buttons vary based on the condition in which our phone is in.  So, say the phone is locked. By pressing the power button you will turn it on,, however but if the phone is unlocked, pressing the same button will lock it.  The example we just gave can be illustrated as a finite state machine. Their main idea is that at any given moment there's a finite number of states in which a program can be within any unique state. The program behaves differently and, based on that state, we can choose to switch the state of our program to another one instantly or not switch it at all. These switching rules called transitions are also finite and predetermined.  Let's go back to our smartphone example and suppose that our phone can be within three different states. The off state, locked state, and ready to use state. When we first grab our phone, it's turned off, to turn it on, we can use both the power button or the home button, but either way, our phone will still be locked. We can't access our applications. To do this, what we need is to click a second time on the home button. We can't use the power button this time because it will take us back to the off state and, finally, while using our phone, we can at any time use the home button to access the home page or use the power button to turn it off again.

### Solution

This concept is closely related to, and usually associated with, the State Design Pattern. The state pattern is a behavioral design pattern that lets an object alter its behavior. When its internal state changes. It may seem as if the object changed its class.