## Outline

### Problem

Imagine you're working on a smart home automation app and your current task is to allow the users of this application to switch on or off the lights of any room inside the house, so you went ahead and presented each room with a class and made them extend the room class where our common code will sit inside this class we can add the Light class as every room created should have lights, then the functionality we require, which is turning on the lights of a particular room if they are off and turning off the lights if they are on, can sit inside the Room class. Basically, when we create a specific house for a particular client, which consists of a list of rooms basically the client can choose to switch on or off the lights of any room he or she desires. Okay, our code is clean and neat. We even applied the open-closed principle by separating each room into a different class, so in the future, if we introduce a functionality that is specific to living rooms, for example, we can add it to the LivingRoom class without affecting other parts of our application.  However, some of you might have realized that this approach is deeply flawed. First, you have an enormous number of sub-classes. and. each time you modify the light's logic in the base Room class. you risk breaking the code in these sub-classes. To relate to this, suppose that the owner equipped sensors for his bathrooms so, he no, longer needs, app to turn, on and, off the lights in his bathrooms while our app as it is right now does not give him the flexibility to remove this feature for a specific room because the bathroom class extends the room class and the business logic for turning on and off lights is implemented inside the base class of all our rooms and here's the ugliest part, the operations you are invoking might need to be called from multiple places like not just from the houserooms we created what I mean by that is suppose the application you are developing can now switch any light in the house not just room lights so if we add a floor lamp in the living room and want to use our application to turn it on and off we can't let the FloorLamp class extend the Room class because simply it's not a room therefore we will have to duplicate the lights' logic we wrote for rooms inside the FloorLamp class.
To avoid this, what we can do is first move the light switching logic from the Room and FloorLamp classes to the Light class itself. By doing this, we encapsulate the light switching logic inside the Light class, so that any time we change this logic it will be modified across all the parts of our application. Okay now our business. logic is nicely separated from the rest of our code but we still have the previous problem we still have several classes that are calling this logic and switching lights themselves and this violates the single responsibility principle
### Solution

To solve this what you have to do is to extract all the request details such as the object being called, the name of the method, and the list of arguments passed to this method, into a separate class with a single method that triggers this request classes such as this one host repeated behaviors in our applications and are referred to as commands. 