## Scenario

### Problem

What we need to do is create an exact copy of this object, so how do we do that?  First we create a new object of the same class using the new keywords, then we go through all the fields of the original object and copy their values over to the new object. Easy, right? However, if some of the objects' fields are private and hence not visible from outside the object itself, then we won't be able to copy the object the way we did. Furthermore, our copying is tightly coupled. It is dependent on the Car class itself, since we have to know this class to create,, the duplicate, and sometimes, if we are dealing with third-party applications or dependencies, we might not have access to the class itself, but only to the concrete objects created using this class or some other time, we might know the interface that the object follows but not its concrete class like for example when a parameter in a method accepts any object that follows some interface how are we supposed to duplicate the parameter inside the method if we have no idea what concrete class it is implementing.

### Solution

Well, if you encounter such scenarios while developing an application, then you know that the answer to your problem is the Prototype Design Pattern.  The prototype pattern is a creation design pattern that delegates the object application or cloning process to the actual objects that are being cloned without coupling the creation of the object to its class. To apply this pattern, We have to start by declaring a common interface for all objects that support cloning. Usually, such an interface includes just a single clone method. In this method, we create a brand-new object of the current class and copy all the values of the fields of the old object into the new one. With the help of the clone method, we didn't only decouple the creation of the application logic from our class, but we also gave ourselves access to the object's private fields, as these fields and the clone method now belong to the same class. Our clients or the users of our application can now produce a copy of any object that implements the interface containing the clone method and every object that supports cloning is called a Prototype. 

