design-patterns/src/main/java/behavioral/observer/ObserverReadMe.md, before:

## Scenario

### Problem

Let's say you own a store, and you sell all kinds of stuff in this store. So, one day a customer approaches you and asks about a particular item now because you don't have it immediately, but you will be getting some in the future. You tell them to come back later.  Here is the customer, and you are faced with two options: the customer could either visit the store every day and check for the products' availability, but most of these trips would be pointless if the product is still unavailable or you, as the store owner, could email all your customers each time a new product becomes available. Now, while this could save a few customers endless trips to the store at the same time, it could upset our other customers who aren't interested in these products, and they will most likely consider it spam, so what we need is a kind of subscription mechanism where our customers can choose when and based on what to be notified or even if they want to be notified at all.

### Solution

To design such a system there is no better way than to apply the Observer Pattern. The observer design pattern is a behavioral design pattern that notifies multiple objects or subscribers about any events that happen to the object they're observing or publisher.  So to implement our previous store-customer scenario, what we need is something like a NotificationService which will sit inside our Store class. Now this notification service should keep track of the customers or subscribers or listeners that want to receive our notifications via email like we previously mentioned. These listeners will be represented by a list of EmailMessageListener objects which will contain the email corresponding to each of our customer subscriber. This listener class will and should have an update method whose responsibility is to actually send the mail to the subscribed customer of course and as previously mentioned, the service we are implementing should also grant our customers the ability to subscribe and unsubscribe as they please from the notifications they are receiving.

Commit message:

Add remaining tests and cleanup Behavioral Design Patterns

design-patterns/src/main/java/behavioral/observer/ObserverReadMe.md, after:

## Scenario

### Problem

If you own a store and a customer asks about an item that isn't available yet, you can tell them to come back later. The customer has two options: they can check the store every day, which may be pointless if the item is still out of stock, or you could email all customers when new stock arrives. However, this might annoy customers uninterested in those items, so a subscription system is needed where customers can choose what and when to be notified.

### Solution

To design such a system, using the Observer Pattern is ideal. This pattern alerts multiple subscribers about events happening to the object they are observing. In our store-customer example, we need a NotificationService within the Store class. This service will track customers or subscribers wanting email notifications. Listeners will be EmailMessageListener objects with each customer's email. The listener class will have an update method to send emails, and customers can subscribe or unsubscribe from notifications freely.
